hey guys today we are going to make
restaurant style chicken curry you
require 1kg of washed clean chicken to
marinate the chicken you could require
salt little bit 1/2 tbsp of the turmeric
powder 1/2 tbsp of the red chilli powder
1/2 tbsp of the coriander powder and 1
tbsp of the cooking oil and we are also
going to take the 1/2 tbsp of the line
and mix this mixture well with the help
of spoon if you are not comfortable 2
spoon you can also go ahead and use your
hands
want to mix this make sure you can keep
it aside for half an hour to marinate
for the chicken curry gravy you require
four red onions four Tomatoes 1 ginger
tune 4 to 5 garlic cloves 4 green
chilies and we are going to make a fine
paste let's make the tomato paste
separately and rest of the veggie space
together in a grinder switch on the
burner and in a deep frying pan on
medium flame add 5 to 6 tbsp of cooking
oil to this we are going to add 1/2 tbsp
of the cumin seeds
what's the cumin seed start crackling in
the hot oil we are going to add our
ginger garlic onion and green chillies
paste into this
and getting our onions covered for 15
minutes mean by we're going to try all
these dry spices bay leaf green cardamom
cloves black pepper black cardamom and
cinnamon on a hot griddle add 1
tablespoon of the cooking oil and we are
going to try all these dry spices and
let them turn into brown and then add
this mixture on top of the onion gravy
we do this so that we preserve the
flavor of all these dry spices and it
adds the flavor on top of the onion
gravy
the
add the tomato puree to the onion and
mix it well and let it cook for 10 more
minutes
now we're going to add our spices 1/2
tbsp of the turmeric powder 1/2 tbsp of
the red chili powder 1 tablespoon of the
coriander powder and little bit of salt
once this gets cooked we are going to
add our
you can use any brand of the chicken
masala that is available in the market I
am using this one which I bought from
India and I love the flavor of this one
add just 3 tbsp of it the packet will
suggest you to add the full of it to the
1kg of chicken but since we are also
adding our homemade spices we are just
adding 3 tbsp of this chicken masala
which comes in the packet mix this
mixture well and you can immediately
start getting the flavor of that Indian
chicken curry
after five minutes add one cup of tea
beaten curd - this onion tomato gravy
base
and then after four to five minutes of
cooking we are finally going to add our
marinated 1 kg of chicken and this is
the final step of this cooking add the
whole marinated chicken into this gravy
base add water as for your gravy
requirement some people like very thick
gravy and some people like it with
cooking montre so that you can have the
chicken curry with rice and Japan take
forward so add water to this and let it
cook for another 10 minutes
my chicken curry is ready by seeing the
red color of the gravy and sure each and
every bit of the gravy has been cooked
it is giving me a very nice chicken
aroma I'm getting so tempted to eat it
garnish it with coriander leaves fresh
coriander leaves and serve it with hot
rice or chapatti I hope you guys have
enjoyed this Indian chicken curry recipe
it's one of the restaurant style chicken
curry it gets cooked really fast and
thank you so much for watching I will
see you in my next video
you